What's up Jonathan, 

Here's how my program starts:

    Welcome to the Virtual Character Advice Center! We appreciate you taking the time to use our service.
  
    What would you like to do?
    
    1. Start describing your survey
    2. View the characters
    3. View the Latest Features!
    4. Give us your feedback! (^w^)
    5. FAQ/About Page
    6. Exit
  
    What would you like to do? (Enter 1-5)

If the user selects the first option, they are prompted to enter a character's name:

    Choose who you would like advice from: 

If the user enters a valid character (Sora, Caihong, or Rin), the following message will be printed 
to the terminal until a file called "result.txt" exists in the directory. This "result.txt" file will 
be created by the microservice. If it is not created yet, the command line will reprint the message 
below if the user tries to press enter. 
    Choose who you would like advice from: Sora
    Sora will be asking you questions!
    Please answer Sora's questions on the survey!

Instructions for Microservice:

When the user selects a character, a file called "char.txt" will be generated with the name of the 
character they have chosen. The microservice should ask the user a survey of questions to consult  
them about their problems. The user will have to enter 1-5 for each of the questions, and their 
answers should be totaled in the program. 

Example Output:

    Sora: "First Question! Would you feel uncomfortable discussing this with other people like your friends and family?"
    1: No, 2: Not really, 3: Not sure, 4: Yeah kinda, 5: Yup

The user would enter 1-5 to answer the question accordingly. If the user selected Caihong as their character, 
it would be printed like this: 

    Caihong: "Alright! Let's get started! Have you ever told your friends about what's happening, or were you worried about how they would react?"
    1: No, 2: Not really, 3: Not sure, 4: Yeah kinda, 5: Yup

The user will get asked the same type of questions no matter which character they have chosen, but 
it should at least display the chosen character's name. Later down the road, the questions will be 
rephrased as if the characters are asking them in their own way. Don't worry about coming up with 
what the characters might say, just paste the questions with the character's name followed by a colon for now.

Don't do something along the lines of print(characterName + "Have you ever...?"), as the questions should 
be asked uniquely depending on who the user has chosen.

This can be implemented with a loop that iterates 5 times for each question, but it's not necessarily 
the only way it can be implemented. Just have a way to display each of the five questions and have the user 
enter a number 1-5 in the command line to answer. After printing each question, it should also print 
an answer key as to what 1-5 means to the user.

Finally, the python script should write the total of the numbers the user entered into a file called 
"result.txt". This will be used for the algorithm in the main program.

The characters you should include are: 
Sora, Caihong, and Rin

Questions to ask in the program:

#answer key: 1: No, 2: Not really, 3: Not sure, 4: Yeah kinda, 5: Yup

#Q1 First question!
# Is your problem something you have a hard time talking to others about?

#Q2. Are you having a hard time focusing on things you enjoy, such as your hobbies?

#Q3. Does this issue also affect those around you? It must be worrying

#Q4. Would the people close to you consider this problem more significant than you yourself believe?

#Q5. Have you ever considered taking drastic measures in hopes of getting rid of the issue?

